Sighs. Why does no one like my restaurant?
Oh what!? Who are you?
>Me? I'm Chobae!
Where did you come from!?
>Oh haven't you noticed me before?
> I've always been around that wall.
Are you serious...
>By the way, you look so bored!
Hey, don't you think you are too friendly?
I'm depressed at the moment.
>What's wrong?
No one likes my restaurant...
>Maybe it's over priced?
No way! Beef Noodle is only 200YEN!
>Oh really! Isn't that too cheap?
> It probably tastes really bad!
No! It's great!
You are very rude!
I have a few costumers and they say it tastes really good!
>Yeah, actually it looks pretty good.
Maybe this place is dirty.
>Well, I wouldn't say it's clean,
>but you don't have cockroaches or mice, do you? That's clean enough.
You think?
>Yeah, do you use fine ingredients?
You really are rude.
Of course I do!
>But you still get profits out of 200YEN noodle, right?
What?
>You can't expect it to be so popular being just cheap anymore.
>How about make it a little bit more expensive and use better ingredients?
You...
>If you improve the taste,
>you will have more customers!
... you are very rude
but I must say, you are a good person.
Thank you.
>>Don't be taken in by his words.
Mr. Kanbayashi!
>Who are you?
He is the oldest customer.
>>This beef noodle is already the best!
>>He is trying to trick you!!
Mr. Kanbayashi?
>>The reason you don't have many customers is his,
>>Chobae!
>No no,
you will have customers back once you make it better!
Who do you believe?
Chobae or Mr. Uebayash